The directors of the company are waiting for you
You'd better hurry over, it's none of my business
Make them wait. OK.
Mr. Du, don't do this
I am the executive director of the company
Not your secretary
As long as you want
You can be my personal secretary today
So brave
Even dared to break into my office
Tusa
We've been waiting for you in the conference room for two hours
Even Du Lao didn't dare to keep us waiting so long
The company is mine
If you can't stand it, you can get out anytime
Tusha, we are the elders of the company
Why did you tell me to get out?
Tusa, did I make it clear?
You are too junior
Not qualified for the position of chairperson
Mr. Zhong is right
Lu Shao, you have no workplace experience
Better give the seat to your brother obediently
Even if you are in this position
No one wants to be with you
I was humiliated on my first day here
This kind of despicable move is really an axe in the class